Below is a list of similar products to Being Seen; apps centered around the idea of tackling homelessness.  Along with how Being seen differs.
Chalmers 
https://www.thestar.com/news/gta/2019/07/21/non-profit-tech-company-designs-app-to-help-torontos-homeless.html
https://chalmers.amplelabs.co/ 
 A web app that uses AI to connect people to social services they may need, centered in Toronto specifically.  To be more specific, it is an AI chatbot that helps people find social services in Toronto.  The main similarity between these two apps is that we recommend social services however that is it.  Being seen recommends social services by way of boards and articles that can be searched through whereas Chalmers relies on an algorithm and text chat to try and determine social services.  This, although unique, is likely to be much less practical due to the restrictions of chatbots and how they can’t provide an abundance of resources. Being Seen allows users to search for social services they want without having to rely on a chatbot to find them for the user. 

CARA
https://www.kanndoo.org/our-apps/core-app/ 
https://www.facebook.com/watch/?v=545028429354297 
A mobile app that has quite a few similar features in particular it “Provid[es] a digital platform for homeless people to record their location, ailments, issues, medications and legal issues. In times of crisis or intervention, they can choose to share this data with users of AIDA” (AIDA is another app developed by the same company, shows users the location of collection points, work opportunities, accommodations, as well as local charitable entities, and where users can rate support organizations.  There are several large and more nuanced differences between being seen and CARA.  Most importantly are the differences in features, Being Seen provides a way for people to donate directly to homeless people who are in need and is particularly targeted towards youths, at least, for the time being.  CARA lacks this feature, instead having an SOS-like feature for its users.  Additionally, CARA doesn’t restrict itself to a certain age range.  In general, CARA seems to be more impersonal with its services for example, just providing directions when it comes to social services; Being Seen aims to be more personal and provide better / more useful information, hopefully leading to users being able to find services that better fit their needs  In general, these differences likely come from two different ways of tackling the problem of homelessness; CARA aims to protect them by giving them the services they need and having features such as their SOS button, whereas being seen wants to help in a different manner through donations, access to social services, and services that will hopefully get users out of their situation.

Samaritan
https://www.samaritan.city/ 
A mobile app centered in Seattle that lets “samaritans” (users) donate to the homeless, in order to help them reach certain goals that they have outlined.  Additionally, homeless users are rewarded by the organization for meeting certain goals such as getting a coivd-19 shot.  These funds can be redeemed by a user for critical needs such as food, prescriptions, etc.  Homeless users have a profile with a picture of sorts, their story, where they want to be, and their action plan for getting there so that samaritans can better know/decide who they are donating to and what they are donating for.  Additionally, samaritans can contact homeless users to offer them words of encouragement or possibly even more through messaging.  The app also allows homeless users to list their status in certain areas in their life such as their emotional wellbeing, monthly income, etc.  Moreover, the app provides users with updates on what their money has gone towards, for example purchasing warmer clothing.  The app also provides the user with a history of their messages, donations, and engagement with the homeless community.
Notably, being seen differs in the sense that it isn’t just donations, the app also provides access to social services, job help, etc. Despite the donation part of the app being extremely similar to samaritan, it also provides the option of being a corporate donor and to donate to the organization instead who will then distribute the funds.  This makes being seen better in terms of general use however, in terms of securing funds, it is likely that Samaritan will outperform as they are dedicated solely to that front.
