- [ ] As a youth, I can create or edit my story through the profile page to encourage donations for myself. </br> COS: able to edit story and see changes take place. </br> Priority: Highest
- [ ] As a youth, I should have access to a list of social services so that I can gain access to various services I may need
- [ ] As a youth, I should be able to filter for social services based on criteria so that I can more easily find social services that I may need. </br> cos: will know its implemented when presented with a list of social services after setting criteria in a search bar
- [ ] As a youth, I should be able to contact shelters through the app so I better understand the services available to me. </br> cos: will know wits implemented when can click on icon and be connected to a shelter through the app
- [ ] As a youth, I should be able to see my current account balance so i’m aware of my current financial situation </br> cos: will know this feature is complete when able to navigate to a page and see current account balance within the app
- [ ] As a user, I should be put on a landing page if i don’t have an account, so i know how to make one </br> cos: put on to a landing page when flag to the app that you don't have a current youth account
- [ ] As a youth, i should be able to retrieve my password so that I’m not locked out if i forget it </br> cos: sent a password recovery information when signaling to the app that you have forgotten your information
- [ ] As a youth, I should be able to modify my account settings to better suit my preferences </br> cos: able to set settings within the app and see their changes to settings take place
- [ ] As a youth, I can search through a list of available job postings by text input or filtering tags. </br> cos: able to set certain criteria for a job and then be presented with a list of jobs that fulfill this criteria
- [ ] As a youth, I can click a job posting to check the prerequisites, responsibilities, location of work, and other relevant job information. </br> cos: able to click on a job posting and be presented with information relating to that position
- [ ] As a youth, I can click the “Apply” button on a job posting to notify the business that I am interested in applying, OR have it redirect to a third-party site to send an application. </br> cos: able to click on apply button on a job and see that the job application was sent or be redirected to a third party site
- [ ] As a youth, I should be able to read the relevant news to my situation. </br> cos: able to navigate to a page and be presented with a news reel of relevant information
- [ ] As a user, I should be given a tutorial of the app upon first use so that I know how to use it. </br> cos: see a functioning tutorial of the app when using it for the first time
- [ ] As a youth I should be able to find networking events and job fairs so that I can find jobs. </br> cos: be able to naviagte to a page and seen live infromation for networking events and job fairs
- [ ] As a youth, I should be able to review social services/shelters so that other users can identify if they’re right for them. </br> cos: be able to see reviews posted next to shelters along with an average rating when navigating to pages for services and shelters
- [ ] As a youth, I should be able to access resources pertaining to education so that i can better my circumstances. </br> cos; be able to naviagate to apage where educational resurces are stored and be presented with educational resources.
- [ ] As a youth, I should have access to a list of government unemployment centres for job application assistance in order to better help myself find employment. </br> cos: be able to naviagte to a page and see an active list of relevant government unemployment centres
- [ ] As a youth, I can click on a list of clean injection sites to safely inject my drugs and seek help for addiction. </br> cos: be able to navigate to a page and see a list of clean injection sites
- [ ] As a youth, I can click on a list of mental health phone lines, workshops, or centres to seek help for mental help. </br> cos: be able to navigate to a page and see relevant information for mental health phone lines
- [ ] As a youth, I should be able to check and sign up for upcoming proficiency tests. </br> cos: be able to navigate the app to find upcoming proficiency tests and be able to register for them
- [ ] As a youth, I should be able to see the location of services on a map so that I can better determine what’s right for me </br> cos: be able to see geolocation of services (if available) when clicking on them.
- [ ] As a youth, I should have an efficient way of navigating between different parts of the app to make use easier. </br> cos: have a navigation bar that takes you to certain parts of the app based on what icon was clicked
- [ ] As a user, I should be able to log out in order to better secure my privacy </br> cos: be able to hit a logout button and be forced back into the log in page
- [ ] As a user, I should be able to log in to ensure that my information is my own and to better maintain my privacy </br> cos: have an active sign in page that takes user to account when entering proper information
- [ ] As a user, I should be able to provide feedback to being-seen so that they can improve the app </br> COS: able to send feedback to being seen and recieve said feedback through some form of communication (ex email)
