As a team, Brute Force Solutions worked well together, both having good chemistry and being able to focus on the talents of our individual members.  The team is very loosely organized however, we use that to our advantage as members can be moved to tasks that need the most help as we see fit. However, we do have a hierarchy in terms of experience, where members with more experience with mobile development are relied on to lead the team in that regard.

	In order to make a decision, we first decide if the outlook has unanimous support, if it does, then we proceed from there if not, then we have two different approaches.  One approach is that we discuss it as a team, seeing if the decision in question is right for us.  When it comes to more important or complex decisions, we tend to take to anonymous polling.  This method was actually how we decided on that startup that we chose, taking two polls to decide on Being Seen.  Additionally, although perhaps not the best practice, if a decision is rather minor and we cannot decide on what approach to take we tend to rely on randomness to decide, flipping coins or rolling dice to choose the approach.

	As a group, we also got in a great habit of meeting about once a day to discuss current progress on the project and work as a group towards completing it on top of the time we personally worked on it.  This allowed us to have much more cohesion as a group and allowed everyone to be constantly aware of the status of their teammates and the project itself.  Going forward, it would be best to keep up this habit as it will likely lead to a much better end product.

	So far, it seems that the strongest aspect of our group is the interpersonal relations both due in part to the lack of mobile dev experience within our team but also due to the fact that our team generally has great chemistry and rapport.  Going forward, it would be best to use this fact to its greatest extent, hopefully allowing us to become much more efficient at development and to make a better product both through communication with the client and within the team.
