## Objective
The objective of this app is to provide homeless youth with an app that will help them meet their basic needs and hopefully get out of their situation.  We plan on achieving this through having an app in which youths can find local shelters, social services, job resources, and educational resources.  Additionally, youths will can profiles that can receive donations however, the actual donation portion will not be within the first release of the app as it is out of scope for our 10 week allotted time. 
## Key Personas
1. Geoff is a 19 y.o student at a local college studying psychology.  He’s been homeless for the past 1.5 years.  Despite being a hard-working individual, Geoff is not exactly the smartest, so his OSAP and scholarships are not enough to cover most of his living costs. He spends most of his time on campus where can have his basic necessities filled, has access to the internet, and can be left to his own devices.  Sometimes on the weekends, he will go out with friends although he is always reluctant due to his situation.  When he has an abundance of free time He has been struggling to find places to stay and pay for both basic amenities and his education.  He tends to couch surf among friends however, sometimes is forced to stay in shelters, which he strongly dislikes as he believes it interferes with his privacy and sense of autonomy.  He highly values his privacy and hopes to be able to get out of his rut soon but he fears that he may not be able to continue his education due to his financial constraints. </br>
2. Alex is a 14 year old who has been in and out of housing for years.  Because of this, she feels like the system has failed her and doesn’t trust most social services; preferring to rely on tried and tested methods as well as herself.  In her free time, she likes to draw and tries to sell her art digitally in attempts to make ends meet.  Alex dropped out but hopes to eventually get her high school diploma and eventually get a degree in graphic design when the opportunity presents itself.  Until then however, Alex is focused on trying to get by, often times staying at shelters, getting meals from soup kitchens and even begging for money at times, which she absolutely hates.  Alex’s first wish we she gets out of her situation is to pay for her own place to live but she struggles desperately to try and pay for necessities let alone pay for the price of rent. </br>
3. Mark is 16 years old and is new to being homeless after leaving an abusive household and no longer being able to stay at friends’ houses.  He is struggling to figure out this new lifestyle and is trying to figure out how to cope with it so he can get back on his feet as soon as possible.  Mark really has a passion for cars and tries to pay for his needs by working on cars for other people while he typically sleeps in his own [car], not trusting most shelters.  Not concerned too much with schooling, he instead wants to focus his efforts on getting a decent job as soon as possible so that he hopefully can pay for a roof over his head and a somewhat decent meal however, due to his more timid personality, he lacks the connections to not only figure out how to cope with his newfound situation but to help find his way out of it. </br>

## Key Scenarios
1. In need of money and not wanting to resort to begging, Alex decide to get the app and create a profile detailing her story and how she became homeless.  She hopes that through creating this profile she'll recieve money to pay for some of her basic needs while at remaining dignified. </br>
2. After having worked on someone's car for some cash, the idea of securing a mentorship was brought up to Mark.  Not having a lot of connections and unsure of how the process works, he turned to the app in hopes that it could provide him with some help in securing a mentorship. </br> 
3. Geoff is in a tough spot, he has been staying at a friend's house for the past few days but has politely asked to leave.  Although he understands, he doesn't have another place to go so he turns to the app in hopes that it could provide him with some suggestions relating to local shelters.</br>

## Key Principles
- Accesibility: information should be as accesibile as possible ot the youth so that they can make informed decisions and never miss information that might be vital to their lives.
- Design: The design of the app should be welcoming and intutitive in order to encourage as much use as possible instead of scaring users away.